Update i18next (#3858)
withastro/starlight: .changeset/proud-schools-peel.md

---
'@astrojs/starlight': minor
---

Updates `i18next`, used for Starlight’s localization APIs, from v23 to v26

> There should be no user-facing changes from this update

Reviewer: I would prefer a slightly different wording, what do you think?

```suggestion
There should not be any user-facing changes from this update
```
